README.md, before:

# Andres Janes - Personal Portfolio

A modern, AI-era personal portfolio website built with Vue 3, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. Features an innovative AI-powered interface with LLM integration for instant candidate analysis.

## Features

- **AI-Powered Summary**: Interactive chat-style interface presenting professional summary
- **LLM Integration**: One-click prompts for ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, and Perplexity to analyze the candidate profile
- **Dark Mode**: System-aware theme with manual toggle
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for all screen sizes
- **Modern UI**: Built with ShadCN Vue components and smooth animations

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Vue 3 with Composition API
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **State Management**: Pinia
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS with custom animations
- **Components**: ShadCN Vue (Radix Vue primitives)
- **Icons**: Lucide Vue
- **Build Tool**: Vite 6

## Project Setup

```bash
npm install
```

### Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Production Build

```bash
npm run build
```

### Preview Production Build

```bash
npm run preview
```

## Deployment

This site is deployed to GitHub Pages via GitHub Actions. Push to the `main` branch to trigger a deployment.

## License

MIT

## Author

Andres Janes - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andresjanes/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/ajanes93)

Commit message:

refactor: rebuild from scratch with Tailwind 4 and latest dependencies
- Create fresh project with latest Vue 3.5, Vite 6, TypeScript 5.7
- Migrate to Tailwind CSS 4 with @theme CSS-based configuration
- Update to Pinia 3 for state management
- Remove PostCSS config (Tailwind 4 uses Vite plugin)
- Update GitHub Actions to use Node 22
- Simplify project structure and dependencies
- All components updated for Tailwind 4 syntax

https://claude.ai/code/session_018LBMAL77N9p4auyw23XbEE

README.md, after:

# Andres Janes - Personal Portfolio

A modern, AI-era personal portfolio website built with Vue 3, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS 4. Features an innovative AI-powered interface with LLM integration for instant candidate analysis.

## Features

- **AI-Powered Summary**: Interactive chat-style interface presenting professional summary with typing animation
- **LLM Integration**: One-click prompts for ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, and Perplexity to analyze the candidate profile
- **Dark Mode**: System-aware theme with manual toggle
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for all screen sizes
- **Modern UI**: Built with ShadCN Vue components and smooth animations

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Vue 3.5 with Composition API
- **Language**: TypeScript 5.7
- **State Management**: Pinia 3
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS 4 (with CSS-based @theme configuration)
- **Components**: ShadCN Vue (Radix Vue primitives)
- **Icons**: Lucide Vue
- **Build Tool**: Vite 6

## Project Setup

```bash
npm install
```

### Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

### Production Build

```bash
npm run build
```

### Preview Production Build

```bash
npm run preview
```

## Deployment

This site is deployed to GitHub Pages via GitHub Actions. Push to the `main` branch to trigger a deployment.

## Author

Andres Janes - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andresjanes/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/ajanes93)
